Hi, Doug here from Investing In Gold Advice
dot com.
In this short video I’m going to give you
five reasons why gold investing makes so much
sense right now.
Then at the end I’m going to reveal how
you can get started investing in gold straight
away.
Reason number 1
Gold has increased in value for each of the
past 11 years and this bull run is showing
no signs of slowing down.
Many insider experts are predicting that the
price of could will soar within the next few
years.
Reason number 2
Governments and super wealthy individuals
all around the world are buying gold like
crazy at the moment.
They wouldn’t be doing this without good
reason, and of course this demand is pushing
the price of gold up.
Reason number 3
Gold has safe haven status and people run
to gold in times of economic turbulence and
uncertainty, just like the times prevailing.
This is because gold acts as a store of wealth
and holds its value, unlike paper currencies.
You can preserve your wealth by gold investing.
Reason number 4
Gold has what is known as ‘negative correlation’
with the value of the dollar, stocks and bonds.
When these are performing badly, gold performs
well.
So including gold in your investments is a
wise way to protect and hedge your portfolio.
Reason number 5
Gold is a liquid asset unlike other forms
of investment such as real estate, for example.
This is an advantage should you ever need
to cash in your investment in a hurry, and
wherever you happen to be.
Whether you're in the U.S, Europe, the Middle
East or Asia the price at which you can sell
your gold will always be the same.
OK... so how can you start gold investing
straight away?
I created my website Investing In Gold Advice
dot com as a One Stop Shop for would be gold
investors, a place where you can get all the
information you need, based on the experience
I have gained from successfully trading and
investing in gold for the past nine years.
Go to Investing In Gold Advice dot com and
get all the information you could possibly
need to get started straight away, completely
free.
I’ll be there to guide you every step of
the way.
Simply click on the link below now.